Allow add-ons to declare dependencies, fixes #4717 (#4941)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/additional-services.md

## Additional services in ddev-contrib

Commonly-used services are being migrated from the [ddev-contrib](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-contrib) repository to individual, tested, supported add-on repositories, but the repository still has a wealth of additional examples and instructions:

* **Old PHP Versions to Run Old Sites**: See [Old PHP Versions](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-contrib/blob/master/docker-compose-services/old_php)
* **RabbitMQ**: See [RabbitMQ](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-contrib/blob/master/docker-compose-services/rabbitmq)
* **TYPO3 Solr Integration**: See [TYPO3 Solr](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-contrib/blob/master/docker-compose-services/typo3-solr)

> Your pull requests to integrate other services are welcome at [ddev-contrib](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-contrib), but creating a supported add-on is preferred.

Reviewer: [Use friendlier active third person](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/developers/writing-style-guide/#use-active-third-person) and attempt to explain _why_ we’d prefer a supported add-on.

```suggestion
While we welcome requests to integrate other services at [ddev-contrib](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-contrib), we encourage creating a supported add-on that’s more beneficial to the community.
```
